# Portfolio

## 1. C010r (Self Made Game)
[C010r](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1YAG6f4t_sFetUVtUEmeTYol2bLsgFdTz?usp=sharing) is a game that I made in a middle school summer camp hosted by DigiPen, where I took a game design class because I as a gamer, so hearing that I can also make games was interesting and exciting. For our last project, we had a game jam with the topic "Octarine", a term used to describe the color of magic. Since we did not learn any complex coding, I settled upon doing a simple 2D action game where you gather items in the color of the rainbow. Although I did not have the time or knowledge to implement it, I did have a story in mind. The main character was a girl who was hospitalized due to some accident, and as she recovered, she was gaining back her memories and life through the items that she collected. Since she was nearing death, she needed the "octarine" item to gain back her life (by magic), which was why the world is colorless until she gathers the items. 


## 2. Fruits: Fall Flat (Human: Fall Flat Level)
[Fruits: Fall Flat](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2675440078) is a Human: Fall Flat level that I made for fun. I was interested in using Unity and Blender, and so when I found the [tutorials on how to make a Human: Fall Flat Level](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctr9Yi4D6is&t=1s), I wanted to do it myself too. I mostly used the assets provided by Human: Fall Flat, but I also made some assets in Blender, such as the egg-shaped islands and fruits. For this level, the player goes through 7 different sub-levels that require the player(s) to parcour, find items, and perform simple tasks to collect fruits to place in the baskets. When placed, the door to the next sub-level opens. When finished with all 7 levels, the player is hurled to the last island, where entering the pipe marks the end of the level.


## 3. Human3 (Blender File)
[Human3](https://github.com/oagenoagemono/Portfolio/blob/main/human3.blend) is a Blender file of a character that I made for fun. While I was making Fruits: Fall Flat, I wanted to investigate more into what Blender can do. I found [some tutorial videos on videos on making avatars](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlcKLaWO-0g) that can eventually be imported into apps like VRChat, so I followed them. I made several files (hence the name Human3), and this one is one of the latter pieces that I made. I based the main body and composition of facial parts based on the illustration provided in one of the videos, but I changed some of the things like the hairstyle and added extra things like the headpiece to make it somewhat orginal and also make it more interesting than just following the tutorial.


## 4. Analyzing Digital Games and its Gamers (Analysis using Python)
[Analysing Digital Games and its Gamers](https://github.com/oagenoagemono/Portfolio/tree/gamestoreanalysis) is a project that I did as a final project for a CSE class that I took.  I chose to analyze digital games because I was interested in analyzing what the gaming industry looked like now, and was hoping that I can get some insight into how a game store works now and whether I can use the information from them to judge something about them. There were different criteria that had to be met, but the nature of the project forced me to meet the required number of them, such as using a new external library named pytrends. This is an important project to me because this was the first "real" application of my programming skills, and being able to design what to do was entertaining and challenging.
